hey guys what's up it's josh here with
the brick central coming at you again
today with a ninjago review this is set
number nine four four seven losses might
cycle 250 pieces and it's ages 7 to 14
retails for a perfect amount of 25 bucks
in the u.s. 25 US dollars and since it
comes with 200 pieces that's pretty good
alright so I'm gonna go and open this up
and we're gonna show you what comes
inside this box stay tuned for the end
guys we'll be giving away this set will
explain the rules later on in the end of
this video
same set we'll be reviewing so pay
attention to what's going on and pay
attention to the rules this is an
awesome set I think whoever wins this is
really gonna like it so stay tuned to
the head all right guys there's
everything we get we get this bag this
manual stickers that bag that bag and
that bag lots of fun pieces let's get to
building alright guys so here's a set
completely built washes white cycle
little Forge coal wash definitely a lot
of these set so onto the minifigures
alright guys so here is lost guys you
can see he has some printing here on his
torso some scales strapped with some
socks on it a little bit of red strap
continues on to his legs more scales he
has this head piece with scales and on
his back he has the same strap and more
scales his face is a very detailed see
of the scar over one eye
definitely one of the cooler looking
serpentine all right guys on to alright
guys so here is Cole's the axe he's
holding one of the Fang Blaine's very
nice looking bubble weapon go let's get
that out of the way he has a gold putana
get that all the way to as you can see
he has some front torso printing some
light cleaning silver on his little
wrapping
face is pretty much a very plain yellow
face go back put no backside face a
little bit of back burning right there
yeah just take something you and there
is his back printing and that's what he
looks like
all put back together okay guys so here
is the byte cycle very cool head moves
up and down we have the same basic snake
design we get and all the snake vehicle
is very easy to build fun to build
get some flick fires you can see they're
on both sides get plenty of stickers and
this just popped off that is the only
thing this is not very durable at least
not the snake head part so yeah let's
just pop that back on give me a second
there we go and see we have stickers
here here here and here plenty of
stickers smaller wheel in the front and
larger wheel in the back
lost sure goes right in here boshy goes
right in there definitely a really nice
vehicle he throws his TNT it's that
other flick fire missile and purple
flames promo flames are always cool so
yeah guys let's go on to the forge and
here we have it definitely a lot of
detail love how Lego did this sort of
stuck in here in the hot stuff you know
getting made coals over here doing his
thing hammering away when Lassa pulls up
in his byte cycle they start fighting
you gotta get a lot of cool weapons all
here easily containing these little
clips even get a little anvil so that is
just great guys great set onto the raid
alright guys so we've seen all the
details of the set and the minifigures
now we're gonna rate it this set has a
pretty good piece count comes with
really cool figures it's the towards
almost exclusive and I failed to mention
that before
retails for 25 US dollars great set I'm
gonna give it a nine I just love the
vehicle it's really cool and I like how
this easily moves up and down like a
shovel for the forge has great detailing
on love how Lego did that and like I
said before the figures are great so
this is gonna get a 9 alright guys so
I'm we talking about the giveaway now
we're gonna be giving away one of these
exact same sets on September 1st but the
catch is we got to reach 2,000
subscribers by that date to give this
away so let me get to the rules rules
are you have to be subscribed you have
to comment
many times you like the more you comment
the more like you are to win this set
you have to comment you have to favor
you have to like and you have to be
subscribed yeah guys remember September
1st and our channel the brick Center has
to reach 2,000 subscribers all right
guys thanks for watching tell your
friends subscribe and subscribe yourself
peace